TINY-3707: Tabbing from outside the editor into the editor focus on icon on IE 11 (#6990)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Links in notification text did not show the correct mouse pointer #TINY-7661
- The formatter match APIs were incorrectly returning false for formats that specified an attribute or style should be removed from an element #TINY-6149
- The type signature on `editor.formatter.matchNode` had the wrong return type (was `boolean` but should have been `Formatter | undefined`) #TINY-6149

> - Tabbing from outside the editor into it focus on toolbar icon rather than editor on IE 11 #TINY-3707

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- Using the Tab key to navigate into the editor on IE 11 would incorrectly focus the toolbar #TINY-3707
```

> - Using the Tab key to navigate into the editor on IE 11 would incorrectly focus the toolbar #TINY-3707

Reviewer: Do we want (and is it easy) to add a test for this specifically for IE?

Author: The test would be a text input next to Tiny Editor, the user tabs from the input and it should focus on the editor, right?!

Reviewer 2: Agreed we should add a test here... so yes, this would need to be a webdriver test with an element outside the editor that uses `RealKeys` to tab inside the editor IIUC.

Author: Test added.
